UC40 View Schedule Calendar Use Case

40.1 Preconditions:

An LHCP or patient is a registered user of the iTrust Medical Records system (UC2). The iTrust user has been authenticated in the iTrust Medical Records system (UC3).

40.2 Main Flow:

An LHCP or patient can click the “View Appointment Calendar” link to view his/her appointments in the current month displayed on a calendar for the current month [S1]. A patient can click “View Full Calendar” link to view his/her appointments in the current month together with his/her office visit dates, prescription dates, and lab procedure dates in the current month displayed on a calendar for the current month [S2].

40.3 Sub-flows:

[S1] A user (an LHCP or patient) chooses to display his/her appointments in the current month on a calendar for the current month. His/her appointments in the current month shall be displayed on the calendar [S3]. The user can select an appointment from the calendar to read the appointment's details [S4].
[S2] A user (a patient) chooses to display his/her appointments in the current month together with his/her office visit dates, prescription dates, and lab procedure dates of the current month on a calendar for the current month. His/her appointments shall be displayed on the calendar [S3]. The user can select an appointment from the calendar to read the appointment's details [S4]. In the calendar, the date entry with an office visit shall display a label as the diagnoses (i.e., ICD-9CM codes) for the office visit. The user can select an office visit from the calendar to read the visit's details [S5]. In the calendar, the date entry with a prescription date (i.e., the date of the office visit the medication was prescribed on) shall display a label for the medications prescribed (i.e., NDC, see Data Format 6.6) in the prescription. The user can select a prescription from the calendar to read the prescription's details [S6]. In the calendar, the date entry with a laboratory procedure (i.e., the entry of the its last status update date) shall display a label as the LOINC code for the laboratory procedure. The user can select a laboratory procedure from the calendar to read the laboratory procedure's details [S7].
[S3] In the calendar, the date entry with an appointment shall display a label as the appointment type name for the appointment. The date entry including conflicting appointments is highlighted in bold (a conflicting appointment is one that has overlap in its appointment duration period with that of at least another appointment of the same user).
[S4] The user selects an appointment from the calendar to read its details by clicking the “Read Details” link beside or below the appointment type name displayed for the appointment, and then the details for the appointment shall be displayed in a new page, including the appointment type, the appointment date and start time, comment, and the name of either the patient (only for the user being an LHCP) or the LHCP (only for the user being a patient).
[S5] The user selects an office visit from the calendar to read its details by clicking the “Read Details” link beside or below the ICD-9CM code (i.e., diagnose) displayed for the visit, and then the details for the visit shall be displayed in a new page, including date of office visit, note text, diagnoses (i.e., ICD-9CM codes), medical procedures performed (i.e., CPT code) , lab procedures ordered (LOINC code, see Data Format 6.11), medications prescribed (i.e., NDC, see Data Format 6.6), immunizations given (i.e., CPT Code, see UC15, S1), and the name of the doctor who prescribed the medication.
[S6] The user selects a prescription from the calendar to read its details by clicking the “Read Details” link beside or below the medication displayed for the prescription, and then the details for the prescription shall be displayed in a new page, including the medications prescribed (i.e., NDC, see Data Format 6.6), date prescribed, start date, end date for each prescription, and the name of the doctor who prescribed the medication.
[S7] The user selects a laboratory procedure from the calendar to read its details by clicking the “Read Details” link beside or below the LOINC code displayed for the laboratory procedure, and then the details for the laboratory procedure shall be displayed in a new page, including laboratory procedure code, status, commentary, results, andoffice visit date when the laboratory procedure was ordered.
40.4 Alternative Flows:

None
